What's the easiest/hardest languages to learn?
Which do you trust the most: your heart, your brain, or your gut?
What is the best scary movie you’ve ever seen?
What is the scariest thing you have seen at night?
With the new slang in various languages, what are some words used to refer to someone as being "drunk" in your native tongue?
What is the craziest thing you have seen at your local shopping centre?
What are the best free sources to learn 6 string guitar?
What exactly is the dark web?
You can pick any drug, the catch is, it never wears off for life. What are you choosing?
How do you start going out to clubs and bars for the first time? 
Is the military legally obligated to tell your family if you’ve enlisted behind their backs? If so then why and is there a way to prevent them from doing so?
What are the warning signs of a medical emergency people should know about?
What are the odds Biden will be kicked out of office before the election due to health and age reason?
What's the most expensive thing you own?
How has social media affected your life for the worse? 
what genre is tyler the creators old style music? Like the harder hitting evil/dark beats and lyrics?
What are the things that will probably be gone in ten years' time?
What’s the best Shrek film?
what is the weirdest dream you’ve had?
What’s the scariest/worst thing you’ve ever witnessed?
what is the best piece of advice that you have ever received? 
If you knew that this is the last day before you die, what's the last thing you would do today to leave this world as more fulfilled as possible?
How has the advent of AI changed how you do your job?
Colorized filmhow do films from WW2 era battles and new get colorized? Is it a process of developing the film or something else?
What is the basic Reddit user knowledge, that one should aspire to know? 
What's the most annoying ad slogan from a commercial?
Tattooed people, what was the reason you regretted the decision to get a tattoo?
What's the first piece of advice you would give your son/daughter?
Which game do you spend the most time playing lately?
Which movie has the happiest ending?
If you won the Green Cars, what state would you go if you were European?
what's the most unexpected relationship advice you've received?
What’s the best thing that could happen? 
How do you get out of the rut?
What was the last song you listened to?
People who think an expedition to the Moon or Mars is a waste of money, why don't you talk about the money spent on military infrastructure or political advertisement? 
what's the craziest thing you've had to keep to yourself?
What is the best way to wake up on a Monday morning?
What's the reason nazis won the elections in Germany?
What can travel around the world while staying in a corner?
Children of Karens, what’s the most embarrassing moment you’ve encountered with them?
Men of 30s & above, what are the life tips/advice that you ll give for the men of 20s ?
What do you miss most from the 90s?
If you could have the ability to teleport to any place on Earth instantly, but only once a month, where would you teleport to and why?
Whats happening in the world that you think needs more attention?
If you could only keep three possessions for the rest of your life, what would they be and why?
What's the most valuable piece of advice you've ever received, and how has it influenced your life?
If you had the opportunity to time travel to any period in history for one week, where and when would you go, and what would you do during that time?
If you had the opportunity to time travel to any period in history for one week, where and when would you go, and what would you do during that time?
If you could change one thing about society, what would it be and how do you think it would impact the world?
How do you see pictures of inside a house you don’t own Zillow took off the pictures feature for already sold houses? 
What is the worst thing you have ever said to someone and what happened after that?
What's the most unbelievable thing you've ever heard-that turned out to be true?
what's the worst social media app?
If you could have a conversation with your future self, what's the one question you would ask?
What's the most unexpected thing you've learned about yourself during the past year?
What's the most underrated skill or hobby that more people should try out?
What are the things that men want women to know about them?
What’s the most dangerous animal in the world? 
what do you take to work to help get through the work day?
How would it be if all the poor people suddenly stopped existing?
What's the most horrific given name you know of?
what’s the first thing on your bucket list?
What do you really think about the LGBT+ community?
What’s the most useless profession that still brings in 100k+?
Oi Reddit! Who do you think the dullest serial killer is?
What happened after a failed marriage proposal? Did you stay in the relationship or did you leave?
What is your worst scenario for the future?
Why aren’t we allowed to whistle in the woods?
Who has been to a wedding and knew the marriage was doomed?
what is a cuisine that you wish were more common around the world?
How do you cope with the feeling of being behind in life?
What is the most stupid thing you did to impress your lover?
Could it be that Earth is like an undiscovered island in the vastness of the universe and there are advanced alien societies aware of us, but they've chosen not to make contact until we progress further in our own development? What do you think?
what are the reasons why more people choose to emigrate to anglophone countries rather than the similarly (if not more) highly developed European countries?
What is the most deranged sub on the platform?
What’s your favorite song, that you think everyone misunderstands the meaning of? 
To you, What is the meaning of Life?
How would an underwater civilization step into the industrial revolution or otherwise advance to a modern level?
What are sad realities that are happening in the world right now?
What are the 50 words for murder Brendon Yuri describes in the song Victorious?
If there are no phones and internet what would are the things you will do to stay Busy and Happy?
Who is the least controversial person out there?
Health care imaging techs of all kinds - have you ever broken the rule of not saying anything to a patient when what you’ve seen has just made your heart sink and if so, what was it that made you do it?
What would you do if nuclear bombs went off in the U.S. right now?
How popular is Selena Quintanilla outside the Hispanic markets?
What is the most nutritious bodily fluid?
What culture around the world that you do not like?
What is the most creative curse/insult you have ever heard?
what are your thoughts on the appropriateness of still having Monarchies and kings and queens in the 21 century?
What is the most insecure thing your partner has ever said and or done?
What’s the most you’ve ever spent on something you WANTED? 
if you had the chance to reincarnate someone, who would it be and why?
What’s the dumbest business idea that actually worked?
People who frequent (or used to) bars, what kind of person were you at the bar?
Has anyone that you trust backstabbed you, and what is the story behind the event?
If 2 losers take part in a loser competition and one of them wins, who's the bigger loser?The one who won or the one who failed to win?
What are the books, courses, or videos that will help to become a VR/AR developer?
What is the cruelest thing someone has ever said to you? 
What's the best case of a One Hit Wonder in music?
What's your favorite song about hooking up but the song is subtle about it?
Why’s the most random question you have that you want to know the answer for?
What is the weirdest food combination you enjoy?
What is the most reliable car brand and why? 
What is the scariest gang in the world?
People who work in childcare, what is the funniest thing children have let slip about their parents?
whats the saddest video game moment you experienced?
How do you get back the teenage energy in your 30s?
What was the first video game console you played?
What’s the maximum amount of calories that the most exceptionally athletic human being in the perfect environment can burn in one day? 
What are some good things happening in the world right now? 
What’s the most sentimental thing you’ve ever lost?
What sneaky thing has a company done in the name of capitalism?
You have to change the world we live in as much as possible by removing one person. Who do you get rid of? 
“Discuss the different Cultural Perspectives on Sexuality?“ A question in an assignment I have, I don’t really know how to do research for it. May some people of different cultures please help me with “discussing different cultural perspectives on sexuality”?
What’s the song you’re constantly coming back to?
Dear Reddit, what would need to happen for us to halt climate change in the coming decade or so, and what would be the impact on society, economies and so on?
Which car was the most heartbreaking for you to let go because of reliability issues?
What is the best video game of all time?
What cover song do you like better than the original?
What are the benefits of acting like Ren from Ren and Stimpy?
How likely is it America will collapse the end of this year?
whats the most serious injury you took from a very mild accident?
What is the best source of new memes?
What ways are there to inoculate gullible people against the effects of disinformation efforts?
What's a good comeback to someone asking "did you poop" every time you go to the restroom?
Non-Japanese on Reddit, what comes to your mind when you think of the country Japan?
What's the last thing that made you laugh for at least 2 minutes straight?
What show’s protagonist do you believe to be the best written character in the show?
If a non English speaking country was the worlds superpower. what do you think the world would be like?
You inherit 10 million dollars. What’s the first thing you’d buy?
What do you guys think about the quality of disposable camera pictures?  How long will the photos last after they're printed?
What’s the best Netflix and Chill movie/Tv show? 
What is the most relaxing activity? 
What are the most inaccurate stereotypes?
Realtors of Reddit - when in the process do you disclose a death in the house?
In your opinion, what was the best year to be alive?
What is the most illegal thing you have ever contemplated doing?
Ignoring the ethical aspects, which mutation or feature can be used to create a new human species through selective partnering?
[serious] What is the worst thing someone has done to you? 
What are some of the scariest/wildest conspiracy theories out there?
What do you say when the person next to you farts?
What is the Asbestos of our time ?
What makes Norman Rockwell’s Road Block wrong with the backpack girl?
Fellow NFL fans of Reddit, what's the most underrated/dying position in football?
How are you preparing for the future with AI? 
New edition: What’s the story behind the expired NDA you signed?
What’s the best way to answer the question “what kind of music do you listen to”?
What's the most iconic movie soundtrack of all time?
What do you think the world will be like 20 years from now?
What’s the most dangerous lie you’ve heard?
What has been your experience with ouija boards/communications for spirits, demons and the like?
What is the one thing that you wish someone could invent to make life easier?
you suddenly travel back 100,000 years to a cave that will eventually be discovered by archeologists, what do you write on the wall to mess with them?
What celebrity death shocked you the most?
How do you move on from what happened in the past?
If you ever were able to lucid dream during the faceless girl dream (the good one, not the nightmares or anything like that) what would you tell her/ do with her?
How does one manifest winning the lottery jackpot?
What do you think about the idea if the organizations prioritize their helps to the countries in Africa with lesser corruption to increase these countries influence over Africa?
What are the 3 songs that you think everybody must listen to?
Which cars movie does McQueen push another car out of the dirt?
Hit the middle word of your predictive text feature 12 times. What's your sentence?
How do you get over the unfairness of life?
What do you do when you feel like you’re not moving with the world?
What the point of a nightmare?
What’s the nicest thing you ever heard?
If life is a game, like some people say, what are some of the rules?
If you suddenly had an infinite amount of money, what would be the FIRST thing you would buy?
How come the cat starts barking when the dishes are folded?
How come the happiest countries are always in the colder climates, despite us being a tropical species and sunshine is proven to improve happiness?
What is the strangest thing you have come across?
What was the last straw that caused you to officially end a toxic friendship? 
What’s the best way to make bacon?
What is the most underrated rock band?
What/Who dominates, or has the most control over, your circumstances or decisions?
People of Reddit, what is the scariest thing you have ever saw/witnessed?
What's your preference? A Big house with all luxuries but far from the work place? or A decent house close to work place?
What's the longest comment/reply thread in Reddit history?
How similar are the ways that Gen Alpha is being judged to how older generations looked at Gen X/Y/Z?
What’s a movie that’s better than the book?
Instead of using the overused annoying term “GOAT”, why can’t people be original and use the term BOAT (best of all time)?
What is the funniest reason that you or someone you know was fired from their job?
what is the craziest coincidence that has happened to you or someone that you know? 
How do you think Google will handle training their AI models on Reddit data with the sheer amount of shitposts/bigotry/you name it?
What’s the meanest thing someone of the opposite gender has said to you on the internet? 
People who get night terrors - do you ever enjoy any of the dreams that gave you a night terror?
People of Reddit, what is the stupidest thing you ever did as a kid?
People of Reddit, what is the worst injury you have ever gotten?
What is the dumbest thing someone has believed in ?
What is the weirdest dream you’ve ever had? 
What would you do if you were offered $1 million dollars, but the condition was that you had to spend every penny while being filmed live?
What is the most under/over rated music artist?
When was the last time you cried?
What's the closest you've ever been to death?
How do you solve neighborhood problems related to the impossibility of using the stairs in a block of apartments, because the neighbors use them for storage and don't understand that some people prefer to use the stairs rather than the elevator ?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve found in a river?
What is the darkest part of your life?
What type of case do you think the current Supreme Court would actually make a good ruling on?
What is the greatest achievement in human history that no one acknowledges?
Who is the worst person you personally know?
What is the food combination that sounds disgusting but tastes really good?
What is the saddest song you listen to?
[serious] What political party in the U.S has caused more harm (overall) to our country and why?
If in WW2 there were more than 2 atomic bombs used lets say 200 what would be the consequences?
What is the worst DIY you’ve seen in your profession?
Broadway actors and other Broadway personnel of Reddit, how do they exit if not through the stage door?
How do you calculate the effective tax rate?
What's the dumbest thing you've done that actually turned out pretty well?
What is the most unsettling fact about a celebrity?
What's the most interesting place you've ever visited, and what made it so memorable?
what is the female equivalent of men having podcasts?
How are you fighting the decreasing quality and increasing price of goods and services in our lives?
When you die it turns out the only afterlife is a tape of your entire life. What part are you rewatching first?
How do you remove the "Food Smell" from the Clothes (especially when the smell travels from the kitchen to closet)? 
Does uber deals schedule ride same as on-demand ride? if yes, then what's the point of scheduling?
Even in a long term and loving relationship what would be an immidiate, no discussion  necessary, reason to end the relationship?
What's the most memorable act of kindness you've ever experienced or witnessed?
What’s the grossest thing fast food restaurants do behind closed doors?
You're in the Matrix. You get one chance to learn everything youv'e always wanted to. What do you ask for?
What's the most unusual food combination you've ever tried and enjoyed?
What's the Most Unbelievable Coincidence You've Ever Encountered?
What is the best Steven universe gem/character?
You wake up in hell and are told to pick one song to play on repeat for the rest of eternity. What's your choice?
What’s the best funny movie that makes fun of other movies?
When was the last time you wrote something in cursive other than your signature?
What according to you is the pinnacle of human engineering? 
What’s the longest line you’ve been in? 
When did you first discover the true power of friendship?
Which are the best rich guy poor girl tv show?
Which action movie is currently the best you have seen? 
What is the gayest thing you have seen  straight men doing? 
what to do if you are starting to develop feelings for your friend with benefits, even though you like the dynamic you have now?
What is the best and worst job of your life?
What is the best advice you have ever received? Who gave you that advice? Did you follow it or not?
What is the worst encounter you had with a cop/person with high authority?
People that have moved from a small town to a big city, what were the hardest things to get used to to?
In recent years, what are some of the best example of if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it?
What is the most rememberable moment of your life?
Which emoji do you use the most?
What is the most messed up thing you saw as a kid, that you got therapy for and it STILL didn't help?
Why did the chicken cross the road? 
If not specifically mentioned in the industry job description, which file type (word/pdf) is better to submit for CV/resume?
What’s the most prominent missing persons case from your country / area?
What’s the easiest way to make friends? 
What would you do if you won the lottery but for 100$?
What was the first ridiculous “fancy” thing you bought for yourself when you started making money? 
Do you think the American system is fucked? Why?
What would happen if all of the US military turned against all US nonmilitary? Can the US military successfully attack and conquer the Contiguous United States with only infantry?
People, who is the worst friend you ever had but didn’t drop them? 
What is the craziest/scariest thing that has happened in the city you live in?
